
...heart. Baby, your the greatest to me, No, no matter what, what, what I don't know why you're hurt inside Or what was said to make you cry I hope that you can see you are the greatest Thing to me and when anekatips You feel like your not enough I'll give you wings I'll lift you up I hope that you can see you are The greatest, greatest thing to me I don't wanna waste another day And took hand off you up in the middle of the day ? What I can see is you waste another day Cuz when Im with you I fall apart, I see your permanently broken heart. Baby, your the greatest to me, No, no matter what, what, what I don't know why you're hurt inside Or what was said to make you cry I hope that you can see you are the greatest Greatest thing to me RedOne, Konvict GaGa, oh-oh, eh I've had a little bit too much, much All of the people start to rush, start to rush by How does he twist the dance? Can't find a drink, oh man Where are my keys? I lost my phone, phone What's going on on the floor? I love this record baby but I can't see straight anymore Keep it cool, what's the name of this club? I can't remember but it's alright, a-alright Just dance, gonna be okay, da da doo-doo-mmm Just dance, spin that record babe, da da doo-doo-mmm Just dance, gonna be okay, d-d-d-dance Dance, dance, just, j-j-just dance Wish I could shut my playboy mouth, oh oh oh-oh How'd I turn my shirt inside out? Inside outright Control your poison babe, roses have thorns they say And we're all getting hosed tonight, oh oh oh-oh What's going on on the floor? I love this record baby but I can't see straight anymore Keep it cool, what's the name of this club? I can't remember but it's alright, a-alright Just dance, gonna be okay, da da doo-doo-mmm Just dance, spin that record babe, da da doo-doo-mmm Just dance, gonna be okay, d-d-d-dance Dance, dance, just, j-j-just When I come through on the dance floor checkin' out that catalog Can't believe my eyes, so many women without a flaw And I ain't gon' give it up, steady tryin' to pick it up like a car I'ma hit it, I'ma hit it and flex and do it until tomorr' yeah Shawty I can see that you got so much energy The way you're twirlin' up them hips 'round and 'round And now there's no reason at all why you can't leave here with me In the meantime stay and let me watch you break it down And dance, gonna be okay, da da doo-doo-mmm Just dance, spin that record babe, da da doo-doo-mmm Just dance, gonna be okay, da da doo-doo-mmm Just dance, spin that record babe, da da doo-doo-mmm Just dance, gonna be okay, da da doo-doo-mmm Just dance, spin that record babe, da da doo-doo-mmm Just dance, gonna be okay, da da doo-doo-mmm Just dance, spin that record babe, da da doo-doo-mmm Just dance, gonna be okay, da da doo-doo-mmm Just dance, spin that record babe, da da doo-doo-mmm Just dance, gonna be okay, d-d-d-dance Dance, dance, just, j-j-just dance We are the crowd We're co-coming out Got my flash on, it's true Need that picture of you It's so magical We'd be so fantastical Leather and jeans Garage glamorous Not sure what it means But this photo of us It don't have a price Ready for those flashing lights 'Cause you know that, baby, I I'm your biggest fan I'll follow you until you love me Papa-paparazzi Baby, there's no other superstar You know that I'll be Papa-paparazzi Promise I'll be kind But I won't stop Until that boy is mine Baby, you'll be famous Chase you down until you love me Papa-paparazzi Ow, come here boy I met a drummer last week At a pool bar, down b-by the shore With a body like that, and your stone washed eyes I want you more He cried, "Mother! What'd you do to me?" I said, "Mother mother mother's for babies Call me kitty." Yeah Shake your kitty Shake your kitty meow Put your arms around me, babe I'm giving you permission to feel me Uh,uh,oh When you see a girl this pretty Shake her, shake her, shake her kitty When you see a girl that's pretty Shake your, shake your, shake that kitty Shake it, shake Shake it, shake Shake it, shake Meow! Uh-ah,uhh-aww C'mon and shake your kitty You're so pretty 
This is the end of a texts