Warm greetings,
	With the constant rise of the student society’s enthusiasm in the field of technological innovation and development, we believe that we are faced with a challenge to be able to fulfill the needs of the society to build and construct even more advanced levels of technology. Therefore, we, as the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers Student Branch of the Bandung Institute of Technology, are motivated more than ever to boost and support such trends in our society. As a matter of fact, we are going to have an event that will hopefully trigger and develop the society, especially the student society, to rekindle the passion to innovate through the event which is IEEE Fusion 2019.
Therefore, we invited few industry expectant from various fields. To mention a few names, we have a confirmation of attendance at our Grand Seminar from Mr. Rudiantara, Indonesia’s minister of informatics and technology, as a key speaker from the government side of things; Mr. Paulus Bambang Santoso, the director of PT. Astra International Tbk, as a key speaker from the industrial point of view; Prof. Ir. Purnomo Yusgiantoro M.Sc., MA, Ph.D, Former Minister of Energy and Mineral Resources as a key speaker from the world of education; and Mr. Patrick Walujo, Managing Director of Northstar Group and GO-JEK; and Mr. Achmad Zaky, CEO and Founder of Bukalapak as a key speaker from the world of Corporates and Startup. 
In short, the event of IEEE Fusion 2019 will be held for several months, extending from April until October of 2019. Within the time period, one of our event, Gala Dinner and Ceremonial Night “Technosapiens : Humans of Tomorrow” will be held in given points below.
Date 	: October 11, 2019
Time 	: 18.30 – 22.00 WIB

Our international scale event being attended by various countries as Hongkong, Taiwan, China, Singapore, Malaysia, and all over Indonesia. By enticing investors as Northstar Group companies as PT. Astra International Tbk, governments as Ministry of Informatics and Technology, and media as Ardan Radio and Metro TV to our events will provide benefits in the form of awareness, branding, and exposure for Aryaduta Bandung.
Therefore, with this letter, due to all of our respect, we would like to give the term of offering to Aryaduta Bandung as a Hotel Partner with benefits, provides, and terms will be given below. As a form of collaboration, IEEE will provide some benefits, consist of :
1.	Booth in Seminar : Partner will be able to sold their product through our merchandise booth in Seminar and also promote their facilities for other hotel partner opportunities with other Student Associations.
2.	Directed Web:  Partner will be redirected from our Website as a hotel preference for non-Bandung audiences.
3.	Company Profile: Partner’s profile will be displayed in front of the IEEE audiences.
4.	Ad-Libs: Partner name will be mentioned during the pre-event and main event.
5.	“THANK YOU” post and Short Company Profile post in Social Media Account: IEEE will dedicate a special post in social media to Partner.
6.	Online News: Partner’s name will be included in publications by IEEE’s media partners.
7.	Company Logo: Partner’s logo will be displayed in Medium in many types of publication such as IEEE website, guidebook, participants’ template paper, event’s poster, billboard, stage backdrop, horizontal banners and vertical. 
8.	Displaying Marketing Property: Partner may display 5 Medium marketing properties during the main event and pre-event.
9.	Intro in short movie: Partner’s logo will be included in short film intro as judging requirement.
10.	Short Teaser: Partner’s Hotel will be featured in a short commercial teaser to increasing brand awareness of partner.

In return, we are expecting our partner to provides our event with :

1.	The using of ballroom for Show Day Period (1 day) and Buffet dinner package for 90 pax.
2.	 Male and Female Dressing Room (Transit Room).
3.	In house Stage approximately 70 sq. M & Carpet Skirting.
4.	12 Standard Hotel Guest Room for Seminar’s Speakers and VIP.
5.	General Lighting and Sound Systems.
6.	Air Conditioner on Show Day.
7.	100 fixed chairs and 50 unit additional chairs.
8.	Medium screen 3x4 m2 (1 unit).
9.	Security Venue and cleaning attendant.
With several terms that we both hopefully agreed on:
1.	Partner cannot change the definition and purposes of the event.
2.	A partner financially Partners publication materials i.e. billboard, banners, vertical banners, corporate jingles, advertisements on screen, stand or entertainment venues, and performers.
3.	All revenues generated will be Partner’s claim.

Moreover, we eagerly anticipate the opportunity to be able to meet with you again in person, to vividly elaborate the means in terms of our cooperation with Aryaduta Bandung as our Hotel Partner. Please do not hesitate to contact us through our email for further information. For the attention and cooperation given, we, the accommodation division of IEEE Fusion 2019,  thank you.
