Kak sebelumnya maaf, saya menulis cerita ini waktu kelas 7, jadi bakal cringe banget wkwkwkwk. Enjoy tho
Devil’s Game

It was a calm night. Me and my friends were eating at the cafeteria and there was this person, who liked to bully almost everyone at my school. His name was Gerard. I was his next target. He bullied me and hell it was. So many punches, bruises, and sort of things like that. Well, maybe I was too rushed about the story. My name is Jefferson. Anyway, let’s continue the story. 
I came home with anger. I wanted to fight back. Not only bruises, but also I had a small body. To relieve my stress, I called one of my friends, Tom, to come to my house. We were sharing stories about Gerard, whilst waiting for Jonathan to send the game file called “The Devil’s Game”. My friend felt uneasy when I was starting the game. I convinced him to play and he shrugged his feelings off. We finally played the game. 	
It was an eerie game, more like a horror game. The game objective was to capture a terrorist. The terrorist name was Gerard. We thought it was a coincidence. But we were wrong. We continued the game and finally we found Gerard. The character’s sprite looked like Gerard. We proceed to give Gerard to the Sheriff. He then was shot in the eyes. Both eyes. And the sheriff sent him to a figure I couldn’t comprehend. The figure set him on fire by sticking a torch to his chest. Finally, he threw a mirror at the dead Gerard
The creepy part came in. We were informed by our friend, Jonathan, that Gerard and Tim died a horrible way. He died on the pavement in front of our school. His eyeballs were burnt into crisp, his chest burst in flames, and his face? All stabbed with a mirror shard. The teachers tried to extinguish the flame at his chest, but no avail. The fire is still there. The teachers decided to bring in the paranormal. They spoke that the flames were cursed by Satan himself. I personally was happy. Yeah, I know, I was a demented person. 
I knew their deaths had a connection with the game. So, I continued to play the game. My next quest is to catch another terrorist, named Jonathan. We ended up catching the terrorist and the sheriff did the same thing to Jonathan. He sent him to a silhouette and boom. Death sentence. Tom and I were afraid of what will happen next. Our thoughts were true. Jonathan was found dead in his room, sitting lifelessly in front of his computer desk. He died. At his monitor, “Devil’s Game” was on, and in it was written, “Tim 2:59 AM” Everyone in the room shocked, Tim was Jonathan’s little brother. His mom checked Tim, but Tim’s throat was ripped apart. We still don’t know why the figure did it. 
It was still 5 PM, his mother came on and called the police. She was so scared to have her son dead. A lot of family members camped in Tim’s room. And it was time, 2:50AM. We must prepare for what will happen in the next 9 minutes. I begged my mom to let me stay in Tim’s house to watch all the incidents. Finally, my mom granted me to go to his house. I’ve brought a book to write every single thing that happened there for the world to remember the cruelty of Satan.
Entry 1. 3 July 2014
2:50 AM. All the crew have prepared themselves to see what will come to them. Tim’s mom just said a final farewell to Tim. Despite Tim was about to be death sentenced, he was so excited to see and fight the figure. Poor kid. He didn’t know what will get him
2:51 AM. Tim’s father came home and her wife told him all of the incidents happened to Jonathan and what will happen to Tim	. He said a final goodbye to his son. Tim was quite stressed. He was only an 8-year old kid. 
2:55 AM. Tim’s mom brought 7 cameras to Tim’s bedroom to take a footage of what things will happen in the next 4 minutes. It was still 4 minutes left but I saw a silhouette in front of his house. I swear there was a figure
2:59 AM. The judgment day has come. Unstoppable tears from Tim’s parents. We were ready to fight back whatever it was. The silhouette walked closer and closer and he jumped into the window. We tried to secure Tim, but we were failed. Tim was stabbed in the head with a mirror shard and there was nothing that we could do. The figure made us watch the suffering of Tim. After he finished with Tim, he cut Tim’s head and skinned his facial skin. He literally wore that skin and left away. Tim’s father was so shocked, his heart failed him. He was dead in the spot. 
2:30 AM. Jonathan’s computer suddenly went on and the game started. All of the person in the house watched me played the game. Now, it was me, Jefferson. I am the next target of the figure. The figure suddenly appeared in the game, his face zoomed in until the whole screen was his face, and he said with a demented voice, “Jefferson! 2:59AM”. I told the whole story to my mother and she began to panic. My death will come in 24 hours’ time. I will use the book earlier to take a note of everything that will happen
Entry 2. 4 July 2014
UBFEIFE AUICANT SATANFAWDIAFNIAFNGOIRSc ALET TMEGO USDFIGGHTSIGHTSILHOUTE 11:43 PM. Sorry about that. I was quite stressed to ... you know ... die in just about 23 hours’ time. I was just preparing all my stuff than I saw a silhouette behind the oak tree. 
1:59 PM. 1 hour left until the death sentence. Hope I won’t burst to flames tonight.	
3:59 AM. It’s been 1 hour but the figure didn’t come. Maybe the game meant another person named Jonathan too. Well, let’s run the game again
As usual, the game started with the eerie sensation. I pressed continue and it gave me another quest to complete. God I was so sad it was my parents. I tried to shut down the computer but that didn’t work. Instead, the game forced closed itself and opened a text editor. Contained in it were these words, “Don’t try to avoid death, Jonathan”. And the game started back. It was the same from previous except that my parents were already caught and the silhouette stabbed my parents with a knife. After he’s done with them, the game wrote something on chat, ”2 person. 5 AM”, and my computer crashed. Plain crashed. The scariest part was, it was 4 AM. I need to wake up my parents and warn them about this.
ENTRY #3 14 August 2014. 
8:00 AM. I’m at the hospital. The doctors said I was unconscious for 1 month. My parents were already been buried. I was so sad that I can’t see them again. I decided to go home at 10 AM. The good thing was that my house wasn’t sold…yet. Here’s what happened before the crash: I was too stressed to watch my parents die so I walked out the house and take a quick walk. Suddenly, something big hit me and I was unconscious. 
9:00 PM. I played the game again. The next quest was to capture Jefferson. I thought, “Again, what the hell?” I continued on and captured the terrorist and again, as usual, a figure burnt him with a torch. The figure’s face suddenly zoomed in and said, “I see you survived the crash, eh? Now let’s see if you will escape this! I’m coming now!”. It, no He knew what just happened and he’s coming for me! Hold on, I think I heard a loud bang from outside. 
9:05 PM. Oh god. It was him. It was HIM! Thank god I have a tornado bunker. He didn’t see me going through this room. Maybe this is my fate, to be ended in a cramped shelter. 
3:33 AM. Funny, I heard a knock at the trapdoor. Maybe I should open it. After all, what’s the worst that can happen?
Epilogue. The police found him and his note with blood and his body, burnt to ashes. “Deus est, et ego in eo occisus est” were found scribed on the walls with dried blood. This roughly translates to, “God is dead, for I have killed Him”. He was buried beside his parents’ grave. 