Summary-Response Essay 
ENTOMOPHAGY FOR THE WORLD SAKE?
George, W Elliott (2015, October 25). 5 Best Reasons for Eating Insects. [Online article]. Retrieved November 8, 2018, from the World Wide Web: http://EzineArticles.com/9208052
Entomophagy, a practice of eating insects that’s been done for generations in many countries. It is accepted and practiced by many cultures around the world and constitutes a major source of nutritious food for many people. Yet the majority of people in the world are still unwilling to consider eating insects. Many people still view entomophagy with disgust and associate eating insects with primitive behavior. But there are still some people who believe that entomophagy can change the world for the better
future, including W George Elliott. He states his 5 reasons in 5 Best Reasons for Eating Insects (2015) on why we should eat insects. The first one is because of the amount of protein that insects can provide and how the value can compare to a regular meat. The second one is about how nutritious it is and how they provide high level of nutrients that are important for human body. Third, how more efficient and cheaper an insect farm compares to a regular farm. Fourth, how insects can give so many varieties 
of. Fifth, insects can be eaten in a number of different types of dishes and how insects are superior than meats and other traditional forms of protein. 
W George Elliott’s first reason is that insects provide large amount of protein and how the value can compare to regular meat. After reading his first reason, I’m urged to do some research. And it turns out to be true. Insects offer a lot more protein than meats, and the comparison ratio often makes people think twice.  The protein content of edible insects on a dry matter basis range from 35.3% for termites (Isoptera) to 61.3% for crickets, grasshoppers, and locusts (Orthoptera). Globally, edible insects, 
especially species from the order Orthoptera (grasshoppers, crickets, and locusts) are rich in proteins and represent a valuable alternative protein source. Protein contents up to 77% (on a dry matter basis) have been reported for several grasshopper species (Ramos-Elorduy et al., 1997, 1998, 2007). And as comparison,  based on a data from the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, insects contain more than twice as much protein per 100g as meat and fish. After knowing all of those facts, 
I have set my own mind on the fact that insects are so worth it to be considered as a source of food. For me, food is not all about the tastes and the looks, we must think about the contents of the food you eat. Can your food provide your body needs? Can it be considered as a healthy food? Just try think about it for a second!
W George Elliott’s second reason is that nutrient value from an insect is very important to human body. This one totally made me consider making insects as an important main food source. Most edible insects provide sufficient energy and nutrients intake in the human diet, as well as meeting the amino acid requirements. Insects also have a high content of mono and polyunsaturated fatty acids; they are rich in trace elements such as copper, iron, magnesium, manganese, phosphorus, selenium and zinc, as well 
as vitamins like riboflavin, pantothenic acid, biotin, and folic acid in some cases. For many years researcher already stated those facts, but there is no sign of any changes in the society. I believe that sooner or later people will realize that eating insects are actually already brought by us form generations to generations and how it actually worth it. For people who still think eating insects is not worth it, good luck finding a better food source that provide these much of benefits.
On his third reason he stated that farming insects takes fewer spaces so there will be more spaces for crops and how insects give a much lower impact on environmental impact. This statement keeps becoming even more interesting after I’ve done some research. It tells us that insects produce much smaller quantities of greenhouse gases per kilogram of meat than cattle and pigs. Other than that, farming insects also more water saving than farming other farm animals.  One kg of chicken requires 3500 liters of 
water and 1 kg of beef requires between 22,000 and 43,000 liters of water. Insects need far less, and can be grown throughout the drought. After thinking about it, there is this statement that come through my head, “So small requirement to meet large needs”. That statement really hit me. There are many people in this world that are under a economy, food, and even environmental crisis. And to think about it, insects maybe the best solution in those problems. But the world still won’t turn their head to 
insects, maybe because of the view that “Not eating insects is just the human nature”. But if you think about it, if we remove those view from the start or just after we realize it is wrong, the world might not be in crisis like nowadays. 
His fourth and fifth reason are mainly about how insects can give us various kind of tastes from different kind of preparations. To be consider, there are over 2000 species of insects in the world that are edible, and each one of them offers different types of flavor. There are many kinds of combination from the vary of preparations, from pan-fried, roasted, boiled, baked and sautéed, to making insects as a cookie, bread, and even pastas. And more surprisingly, by changing the feeding of them, for example 
from apple to cinnamon can change the tastes of the insects. It is so unique that only by changing the method of handling can make a different to the taste. By doing only a simple thing, we can experience something new. If people read think about those facts carefully and try to consider it, I believe that people would understand that sense of disgust is only a matter of habit and point of view. I also believe that people would start to do some research about eating insects, like “What is the composition 
of insects body?”, “Are insects actually edible?”, “Are there part of the insects that’s not edible?”, and more importantly “Is it actually worth it to eat insects?”.
The author tells us that we no longer have to rely on meats, fish or poultry for your main sources of proteins or nutrients anymore. Eating insects is an activity that dates back thousands of years and already being known by many countries. Without no doubt, I agree with W George Elliott’s arguments. It is mainly because of the fact that the world will no longer be able to provide enough food as the population of humanity explosively growing or even to provide what the earth need for the best environment 
sake. In the future, we will need a much easier, cheaper, and nutritious source of food, and of course environmentally friendly. That is where insects stand as the best choice. Insects might not be for everyone, but they could be a valuable asset to global food security and global health. They’re sustainable, green, nutritious and could help people out of poverty. Researchers may question themselves on how to solve many problems that’s mainly about human’s source of food that started running out and how 
to solve some of the serious environment problem. Not just researchers, many people will begin to be aware of human needs for food and health in the future. But that awareness still hasn't been brought in with the courage to try it.
There will be people who will hate my opinion and how disgusting it is to eat insects. My argument is that those sense of disgust are actually built by habit, point of view, commercials, and some wrong perception. Our whole entire life makes us view insects as something disgusting, poisonous, bizarre looking, small, and always sees them as a carrier of a disease. It can be from prevalence, wrong teaching, lack of education, or even movies. For example, if all this time we are taught to not to eat cow, or 
if our parents told us “For generation to generation people don’t eat cow because it is disgusting”, I’m sure that we will grow up knowing cow is an unusual animal to eat as a food or maybe we will see cow as something disgusting. If ever since we were a child our parents already introduce insects as one regular source of food, we will grow up eating insects and eventually, we will get used to it. It’s only about your point of view and experience.
After knowing all of that, comes a big conclusion. Due to this resource use efficiency, the good nutritional value of insects, and how it supports the environment, insect rearing for entomophagy has the potential to become a modern and sustainable food production system. It’s about making sure everyone on the planet has access to food that is affordable, healthy, diverse, environmentally sound and, yes, delicious. But it has to be recognized that it’s not the insects themselves that are going to make it 
sustainable. It’s the humans. Knowing all the benefits we can get from eating insects, why don’t we start to make a change to the world perception about insects and start a culinary revolution?









Refererences
Birgit A. Rumpold and Oliver Schluter (2015, March 30). Insect-based Protein Sources and Their Potential for Human Consumption: Nutritional Composition and Processing. [Online article]. Retrieved on November 16, 2018, from the World Wide Web: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/275016949
Blake, Imogen (2017, September 4). Fascinating Graphic Reveals Edible Insects Contain Twice as Much Protein as Meat and Fish [Online article]. Retrieved on November 16, 2018, from the World Wide Web: https://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/food/article-4850314
George, W Elliott (2015, October 25). 5 Best Reasons for Eating Insects. [Online article]. Retrieved on November 8, 2018, from the World Wide Web: http://EzineArticles.com/9208052
